quick flexibility test can you touch
your toes with a completely flat back if
when you're reaching toward your toes
you feel the stretch more behind your
knee or in the bottoms of your feet your
nerves are probably playing a role your
nerves actually don't stretch like the
rest your muscles but they do have to
move now what nerve flossing is you're
finding a way to get your nerves to
slide in between your muscles your
ligaments and your joints but when they
get stuck you experience that stretching
behind the knees and in the feet instead
of reaching toward your toes with a
rounded back
flatten your back
even if you have to just hinge forward
this far of course if you're more
flexible you can do it right here bend
one knee just like this and you'll feel
that stretch deep and then you
straighten it out other side
and good a more advanced version is
elephant walks where you do it on the
ground just like so
but you can modify it just like this if
you like
stay flexy